Tuvia Tzafir	Israel	( Israel television rejected a skit by comedian Tuvia Tzafir that attacked public apathy by depicting an Israeli family watching TV while a fire raged outside .)

Reagan	America	( Reagan sounded positive notes reminiscent of earlier speeches throughout his political career _ the pre-eminent position of ` ` We the People ' ' in the American system , the image of America as a shining ` ` city upon a hill , ' ' the importance of paying more attention to American history .)

Reagan	America	( There was no mention at all of the Contras , the arms sales to Iran or the enormous trade deficits that during Reagan 's tenure have turned America into the world 's biggest debtor nation .)

Nixon	U.S.	( A Texas professor who helped mount President Nixon 's unsuccessful attempt to resist a key Watergate subpoena is being considered for the post of U.S. solicitor .)

Barry Goldwater	Arizona	( But four years later , Wright said he would vote against Barry Goldwater because he felt the Arizona senator supported a ` ` slowdown on civil rights ' ' and would take a ` ` harder , more dangerous line on foreign relations. ' ')

Michael Minns	STOCKTON-ON-TEES	( STOCKTON-ON-TEES , England -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Michael Minns received $160 , 000 from the father he never knew and thought was killed in World War II .)

Michael Minns	England	( STOCKTON-ON-TEES , England -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Michael Minns received $160 , 000 from the father he never knew and thought was killed in World War II .)

Nikita Khrushchev	Soviet	( An enraged Nikita Khrushchev instructed Soviet ships to ignore President Kennedy 's naval blockade during the Cuban missile crisis , but the order was reversed just hours before an inevitable confrontation , according to a new book .)

Anastas Mikoyan	Soviet	( Anastas Mikoyan , then Soviet first deputy premier , was the catalyst for the reversal of Khrushchev 's order , according to the authors .)

Khrushchev	Soviet	( Anastas Mikoyan , then Soviet first deputy premier , was the catalyst for the reversal of Khrushchev 's order , according to the authors .)

Mikoyan	Soviet	( Mikoyan ` ` preempted Khrushchev 's order to run the blockade and ordered Soviet ships to stop just short of the quarantine line , ' ' they say .)

Khrushchev	Soviet	( Mikoyan ` ` preempted Khrushchev 's order to run the blockade and ordered Soviet ships to stop just short of the quarantine line , ' ' they say .)

Kennedy	U.S.	( The book , ` ` On the Brink : Americans and Soviets Reexamine the Cuban Missile Crisis , ' ' is based largely on two 1987 conferences sponsored by Harvard _ one that featured top Kennedy advisers and U.S. scholars and a second in which three Soviets joined the Americans .)

Khrushchev	Soviet	( The book said Khrushchev 's order to ignore the blockade was disclosed in a largely unknown work by dissident Soviet historian Roy Medvedev .)

Roy Medvedev	Soviet	( The book said Khrushchev 's order to ignore the blockade was disclosed in a largely unknown work by dissident Soviet historian Roy Medvedev .)

Aleksander Alekseev	Soviet	( Their theory that the warheads were blocked by the quarantine is at odds with a recent disclosure by Aleksander Alekseev , the former ambassador to Cuba , who said in a recent Soviet magazine that 42 medium-range missiles were fully operational .)

Alekseev	Soviet	( But the authors suggested that Alekseev , along with others in the Soviet diplomatic corps , were not receiving accurate information from Moscow about the missiles .)

Thomas	Chisholm	( Composer Thomas is a native of Chisholm , Minn .)

Thomas	Minn .	( Composer Thomas is a native of Chisholm , Minn .)

Duchess of York	Britain	( Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .)

Imelda Marcos	Philippines	( Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .)

Brent	Fresno	( Hoffman , who portrays an autistic savant in the movie , returned the favor and called the Fresno boy Monday , talking with Brent and his family for 20 minutes .)

June Anderson	U.S.	( Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)

Carol Vaness	U.S.	( Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)

Bill Gordon	Bingham County	( ` ` Temperatures didn 't get too low , but the wind chill was bad , ' ' said Bingham County Sheriff 's Lt. Bill Gordon .)

Johnny Paul Penry	Texas	( The justices heard 60 minutes of arguments Wednesday on whether they will allow the execution of Johnny Paul Penry , 32 , a convicted rapist-murderer sentenced to die in Texas .)

Charles A. Palmer	Texas	( Assistant Charles A. Palmer of Texas argued that executing Penry would not violate the Constitution 's ban against cruel and inhuman punishment .)

Herbert S. Okun	U.S.	( Deputy U.S. Ambassador Herbert S. Okun announced the cancellation just before the council began debate , and officials in Washington confirmed it .)

Vernon A. Walters	U.S.	( On Friday , U.S. Ambassador Vernon A. Walters displayed photographs of one Libyan jet showing shapes resembling missile pods on its wings and fuselage .)

Ali Sunni Muntasser	Libya	( Libya 's deputy ambassador , Ali Sunni Muntasser , said the pictures were retouched and the planes were unarmed and on reconnaissance flights .)

Yves Fortier	Canada	( Canada 's ambassador , Yves Fortier , said the resolution contained ` ` a one-sided account. ' ')

M. Pierre Brochand	France	( France 's deputy representative , M. Pierre Brochand , expressed similar sentiments .)

Reagan	U.S.	( President Reagan has ordered the State Department to devise a payment schedule for repaying all U.S. arrears ;)

Bob Boyd	Chattanooga	( For singer and guitarist Bob Boyd , 57 , the Ranch has been home since he left Chattanooga , Tenn. , 35 years ago .)

Bob Boyd	Tenn.	( For singer and guitarist Bob Boyd , 57 , the Ranch has been home since he left Chattanooga , Tenn. , 35 years ago .)

Larry Martin	Tucson	( Larry Martin , circulation director for the publishing company jointly owned by the parent companies of the Star and the evening Tucson Citizen , estimated that 3 , 000 to 5 , 000 bogus copies were placed in as many as 600 Star vending machines .)

Sohn	New Jersey	( FBI agents arrived at Sohn 's New Jersey home and escorted him to safety only 30 minutes before KCIA agents showed up , an unidentified senior law enforcement official told the Times .)

Derwinski	Chicago	( Derwinski , a Republican from Chicago who served 24 years in Congress , publicly denied 1978 allegations that he leaked the information and refused to testify in the matter before a federal grand jury and the House Ethics Committee .)

Felipe Gonzalez	Spain	( Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez of Spain told reporters , ` ` The police actions and the arrests are of great importance to Spanish society on such a major matter as the battle against terrorism. ' ')

Ms. Toth	Germantown	( Ms. Toth , a 14-year veteran of the Legislature , decided against renting a house for the session , opting for hotel rooms and commuting about 60 miles from her Germantown home because ` ` if something came up this week or next week , I would walk out. ' ')

William O 'Brien III	Madison County	( Madison County Judge William O 'Brien III set a Feb. 28 hearing date for arguments on whether Timothy Jacobs should be returned to North Carolina .)

Jim Martin	North Carolina	( Jacobs ' lawyers asked for the stay after Cuomo signed a request from North Carolina Gov. Jim Martin on Tuesday to return Jacobs .)

Albert O. Harjula	Thomaston	( Albert O. Harjula , 29 , of Thomaston , became trapped first , said Paul Fournier , a spokesman for the state Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife .)

Daniel Sullivan	Boothbay	( Daniel Sullivan , 30 , of Boothbay , went down to help and also became stuck , Fournier said .)

Brian Michaud	Millinocket	( During the 10-hour rescue , diver Brian Michaud of Millinocket hooked the men to harnesses , and rescuers dragged them to the surface with winches .)

Bush	U.S.	( An architect of President Nixon 's unsuccessful executive-privilege Watergate defense is a top prospect for the post of U.S. solicitor in the new Bush administration .)

Susanna Petrosyan	Leninakan	( On Dec. 14 , rescuers pulled a mother , Susanna Petrosyan , and her 4-year-old daughter , Gayaney , out of the rubble in Leninakan .)

Gayaney	Leninakan	( On Dec. 14 , rescuers pulled a mother , Susanna Petrosyan , and her 4-year-old daughter , Gayaney , out of the rubble in Leninakan .)

J.H. Berman	Cape Town	( Cape Town Supreme Court Judge J.H. Berman refused to give Port Nolloth municipal authorities the right to forcibly remove the squatters , who live in shacks and tents .)

Mary	Rock Hill	( Campbell , who is going to the inauguration , asked that his sister Mary , who lives in Rock Hill , be mailed tickets as well .)

Mary Campbell	Clover	( Tony Denny , executive director of the state Republican Party , said he didn 't know of any mix-up , but that Mary Campbell of Clover is free to keep her tickets .)

Darryl Breniser	Blue Ball	( After buying the shawl for $1 , 600 , Darryl Breniser of Blue Ball , said the approximately 2-by-5 foot shawl was worth the money .)

Earl Long	Louisiana	( ` ` Blaze , ' ' a film about a former governor and a stripper , will star Paul Newman as Louisiana Gov. Earl Long .)

Fred Coe	Nashville	( He will be the first Vanderbilt artist-in-residence under an endowment in honor of Fred Coe , a director-producer who grew up in Nashville and worked on network TV shows such as Philco Playhouse , Playhouse 90 , Producer 's Showcase and others .)

Sophie Masloff	Pittsburgh	( Pittsburgh Mayor Sophie Masloff touted the joys of her favorite city on the nationally televised Pat Sajak Show and put an end to rumors that she sometimes arrives at work with a cup of homemade chicken soup .)

Dominique Beuff	Khartoum	( Dominique Beuff of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Khartoum said he had reports of people dying at the rate of up to four a day in some areas of the south affected by a 5-year-old civil war .)

Reith Chuol	Upper Nile region	( Reith Chuol , governor of the Upper Nile region , told reporters there were unconfirmed reports of 15 people dying there every day .)

Mrs. Parks	Montgomery	( King rose to prominence after Mrs. Parks ' action in December 1955 in Montgomery , Ala. , set the stage for a boycott and subsequent demonstrations that caught the nation by surprise .)

Mrs. Parks	Ala.	( King rose to prominence after Mrs. Parks ' action in December 1955 in Montgomery , Ala. , set the stage for a boycott and subsequent demonstrations that caught the nation by surprise .)

Prince Norodom Ranariddh	Thailand	( The meeting will be held at the request of the Soviet Union , which also plans direct talks with resistance leader Prince Norodom Sihanouk , said Sihanouk 's son and representative in Thailand , Prince Norodom Ranariddh .)

Li Zhaoxing	Beijing	( At a regular Chinese Foreign Ministry briefing in Beijing on Thursday , spokesman Li Zhaoxing would say only that China will consider direct talks with Vietnam ` ` at an appropriate time. ' ')

Li Zhaoxing	China	( At a regular Chinese Foreign Ministry briefing in Beijing on Thursday , spokesman Li Zhaoxing would say only that China will consider direct talks with Vietnam ` ` at an appropriate time. ' ')

Eduard A. Shevardnadze	Soviet	( Soviet Foreign Eduard A. Shevardnadze is to visit China next month to pave the way for the first Chinese-Soviet summit in 30 years , Chinese television reported Monday .)

Li	Beijing	( In Beijing Thursday , spokesman Li repeated China 's position that the key to the solution of the Cambodian conflict ` ` lies in the genuine and complete Vietnamese troop withdrawal at the earliest possible date and effective international supervision. ' ')

Li	China	( In Beijing Thursday , spokesman Li repeated China 's position that the key to the solution of the Cambodian conflict ` ` lies in the genuine and complete Vietnamese troop withdrawal at the earliest possible date and effective international supervision. ' ')

Robert Bourassa	Canada	( The Globe and Mail , which calls itself Canada 's national newspaper , said in an editorial Thursday that Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa ` ` has received , and deserves , strong criticism for his decision on the language of commercial signs in Quebec. .. .)

Robert Bourassa	Quebec	( The Globe and Mail , which calls itself Canada 's national newspaper , said in an editorial Thursday that Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa ` ` has received , and deserves , strong criticism for his decision on the language of commercial signs in Quebec. .. .)

Robert Bourassa	Quebec.	( The Globe and Mail , which calls itself Canada 's national newspaper , said in an editorial Thursday that Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa ` ` has received , and deserves , strong criticism for his decision on the language of commercial signs in Quebec. .. .)

Sultan Al-Saud	Saudi Arabia	( In 1985 , shuttle passengers included Sultan Al-Saud of Saudi Arabia and Rodolfo Neri Vela , a Mexican .)

Carlos Andres Perez	Caracas	( Dan Quayle 's first trip out of the country as vice is likely to be to Caracas , Venezuela , for Carlos Andres Perez 's presidential inauguration on Feb. 2 , an official in President-elect Bush 's transition said Thursday .)

Carlos Andres Perez	Venezuela	( Dan Quayle 's first trip out of the country as vice is likely to be to Caracas , Venezuela , for Carlos Andres Perez 's presidential inauguration on Feb. 2 , an official in President-elect Bush 's transition said Thursday .)

Jean Hackett	New York City	( Psacharapoulos , who died of colon cancer while vacationing , was engaged to be married to actress Jean Hackett of New York City .)

Lou Ray	Fontana	( ` ` Weather like this is awful for restaurants , ' ' said Lou Ray , owner of the Smokehouse cafe in Fontana .)

Lance Davis	Ontario	( At a large truck stop east of the airport , some 2 , 000 truck drivers and campers waited for the winds to die down , said Lance Davis , general manager of Truck Stops of America in Ontario .)

Hugh Madlock	Orange County	( Elsewhere , a downed power line was blamed for a brush fire that charred 200 acres in Orange County , said county Fire Department Capt. Hugh Madlock .)

Denise Garland	San Bernardino County	( In San Bernardino County , winds ripped off part of the roof of the sheriff 's station in Rancho Cucamonga and damaged several private cars , said Deputy Denise Garland .)

William Doyle	Manhattan	( ` ` He -LRB- LaFarge -RRB- was the one who supposedly taught Tiffany how to make the Favrile glass , ' ' said auctioneer William Doyle , who operates an auction house in Manhattan .)

LeRoy	New York	( I 'm having so much fun , I may try this with Tavern on the Green , ' ' said LeRoy , an avid collector who also owns that famed New York restaurant .)

Norma Viscomi	Niagara Falls	( The state Supreme Court jury in Niagara County made the award Tuesday to the estate of Thomas Viscomi and his widow , Norma Viscomi , of Niagara Falls .)

Stacy Lin Bickel	Tempe	( Stacy Lin Bickel , 25 , of Tempe pleaded guilty in November to negligent homicide in the death of Deborah Sue Tomazin , 24 , of Phoenix .)

Deborah Sue Tomazin	Phoenix	( Stacy Lin Bickel , 25 , of Tempe pleaded guilty in November to negligent homicide in the death of Deborah Sue Tomazin , 24 , of Phoenix .)

Richard Pavese	Tempe	( The bungled attempt took place March 27 in the office of Miss Bickel 's former employer , Tempe plastic surgeon Richard Pavese .)

William J. Bennett	U.S.	( There are even hopeful signs in Chicago 's schools , branded 14 months ago as the nation 's worst by U.S. Secretary William J. Bennett .)

James Thompson	Illinois	( Illinois Gov. James Thompson signed legislation last month scrapping Chicago 's central school board next July , to be replaced by parent-run councils empowered to set budgets and hire and fire principals .)

Adam Urbanski	Rochester	( As Rochester teacher union leader Adam Urbanski put it : ` ` We have set the table ; we have not served the meal yet. ' ')

Peter McWalters	Rochester	( Rochester 's Peter McWalters , named in 1986 , signaled willingness to form a working partnership with teachers .)

Richard C. Wallace	Pittsburgh	( Pittsburgh 's superintendent , Richard C. Wallace , who arrived in 1980 as an outsider to a city enmeshed in a bitter dispute over school desegregation , helped move the school system beyond that dispute and establish it as a national model of reform .)

Bob Graham	Florida	( ` ` The thing to remember is Florida had an education governor , Bob Graham , and he made a substantial investment in schools long before other states were even thinking about reform. ' ')

Buddy Roemer	Louisiana	( Still , many are encouraged by the election last year of Louisiana 's reform-minded governor , Buddy Roemer , a property tax increase last April , and a new , expanded school board .)

Bush	White House	( With exhilaration tempered by ` ` this deficit looming over everything , ' ' Bush takes office at noon Friday , convinced there is neither a need nor a mandate for dramatic change to put his imprint on the White House .)

Kennedy	Cincinnati	( The timer valve manufactured by GE for the CFM56 engine on the 737 could not have caused the turbine to fail or threatened flight safety even if the valve malfunctioned , Kennedy said in telephone interview from his office in Cincinnati , where GE 's aircraft engine operations are based .)

Carl Rubin	U.S.	( At the request of the Justice Department , all documents in the Divencenzo suit remained under seal until last Friday , when U.S. District Court Judge Carl Rubin denied a federal motion to allow the Justice Department until Feb. 1 to decide whether to join the case as a plaintiff .)

G. Ernest Tidwell	U.S.	( The ` ` poison pill , ' ' ruled illegal in November by U.S. District G. Ernest Tidwell , would become effective after a shareholder had acquired 10 percent of the outstanding stock .)

Anton Valukas	U.S.	( U.S. Attorney Anton Valukas said the investigation into corrupt trading practices is still continuing .)

Ricardo Camero Cardiel	Ciudad Madero	( The government news agency Notimex reported later that leaders of the union 's locals had designated Ricardo Camero Cardiel , a local leader and senator from the northeastern city of Ciudad Madero , the union 's new secretary-general .)

Hernandez Galicia	Ciudad Madero	( Hernandez Galicia was arrested when soldiers blew down his door with a bazooka in a raid on his Ciudad Madero home .)

Willi Marx	Heuchelheim	( ` ` This is really hurting Heuchelheim , ' ' the town 's mayor Willi Marx told The Associated Press in an interview at his office earlier this month .)

Robert C. Corduwener	Netherlands	( Minox has not shown a profit since 1981 , and on April 1 , 1988 , Robert C. Corduwener , a Netherlands businessman bought a 51 percent share of the company to take control from the Rinn family .)

Guy M. Struve	New York	( Guy M. Struve , the New York attorney representing Church 's , said he was disappointed and did not know when the chain would decide whether to appeal Thursday 's ruling .)

Fred Demler	New York	( Further buying was linked to rumors that the Chilean copper company Codelco was considering shutting down its smelter at Chuquicamata , the world 's largest copper mine , due to persistent mechanical problems , said Fred Demler , metals economist with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York .)

James Cirona	San Francisco	( The disclosure was contained in a half-inch-thick statement from James Cirona , president of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco .)

Daniel Urquhart	Aumsville	( ` ` He was going pretty fast , wasn 't he ? ' ' said Daniel Urquhart , 8 , of Aumsville , whose slug crept to the championship.)

William R. Higgins	U.S.	( Text of the statement issued by the Organization of the Oppressed on Earth claiming U.S. Marine Lt. William R. Higgins was hanged.)

Higgins	America	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)

Higgins	America	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)

Higgins	America	( In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)

Hayes Picou	Louisiana	( In southwest Louisiana 's Cameron Parish -LRB- county -RRB- , civil defense director Hayes Picou about 8 , 500 of the low-lying parish 's 10 , 000 residents had evacuated the southern coast , most to stay with friends or relatives.)

Hayes Picou	Cameron Parish	( In southwest Louisiana 's Cameron Parish -LRB- county -RRB- , civil defense director Hayes Picou about 8 , 500 of the low-lying parish 's 10 , 000 residents had evacuated the southern coast , most to stay with friends or relatives.)

Quayles	Naval Observatory	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)

Quayles	Washington	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)

Tucker	Naval Observatory	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)

Tucker	Washington	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)

Benjamin	Naval Observatory	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)

Benjamin	Washington	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)

Corinne	Naval Observatory	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)

Corinne	Washington	( The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)

Richard Taylor	Atlanta	( ` ` We were there six days unsupported , ' ' said society co-leader Richard Taylor , an Atlanta architect.)

Neil Estes.	Atlanta	( ` ` We 'd play hearts for hours at a time , ' ' said Atlanta businessman Neil Estes.)

Norman Vaughan	Trapper Creek	( Epps credited Norman Vaughan , 83 , of Trapper Creek , Alaska , the last man to see the planes , with keeping the expedition 's hopes alive.)

Norman Vaughan	Alaska	( Epps credited Norman Vaughan , 83 , of Trapper Creek , Alaska , the last man to see the planes , with keeping the expedition 's hopes alive.)

Mrs. Say	Kentucky.	( ` ` What we have witnessed , in the Israeli retaliation in kind for the kidnapping of their people , -LRB- is -RRB- that violence truly does beget violence and that I hope the United States will use this opportunity for reconciliation rather than retaliation , ' ' Mrs. Say said in an interview from her home near Cadiz in western Kentucky.)

Mary Fisher	Louisville	( Higgins ' sister , Mary Fisher , said from her home in the Louisville suburb of Okolona that she believed Higgins ' was dead before she saw the videotape.)

Mary Fisher	Okolona	( Higgins ' sister , Mary Fisher , said from her home in the Louisville suburb of Okolona that she believed Higgins ' was dead before she saw the videotape.)

Mitch McConnell	U.S.	( U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell , who attended church in south Louisville with Higgins in the 1950s , recommended he be given the nation 's highest honor , the Medal of Honor.)

Higgins	Danville	( Lancaster , a farming town of 3 , 400 , claims Higgins as a native son although he was born a county away in Danville , which had the nearest hospital , and grew up mainly in Louisville.)

Higgins	Louisville.	( Lancaster , a farming town of 3 , 400 , claims Higgins as a native son although he was born a county away in Danville , which had the nearest hospital , and grew up mainly in Louisville.)

Tom Van Sant	Santa Monica	( ` ` That original one was knocked down for a reason by the tanks , and I presume this one was knocked down for the same reason , ' ' Santa Monica artist Tom Van Sant said Monday after the 23-foot-tall statue was found crushed and broken in pieces.)

Gerald Baliles	Virginia	( ` ` He is the same easy-going , soft-spoken , self-effacing man we knew as governor of New Hampshire , ' ' said Virginia Gov. Gerald Baliles , a Democrat.)

Baliles	Virginia	( Bush , who acknowledged that Sununu was ` ` not quiet and retiring ' ' also had words for Virginia 's Baliles , who was stepping down after a year as chairman of the association.)

Richard Celeste.	Ohio	( The president appeared a bit startled when he saw Ohio 's governor , Democrat Richard Celeste.)

Michael Dukakis	Massachusetts.	( Walking around the assembled governors , Bush also came face to face with the man he defeated last November , Democrat Michael Dukakis of Massachusetts.)

Thomas Kean	New Jersey	( New Jersey Gov. Thomas Kean , who is leaving office after two terms at the end of this year , was greeted with effuse public praise by his colleagues during the conference.)

Mario Cuomo	New York	( But New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , who enthusiastically joined in the chorus , interrupted his own praise for Kean to add a bit of explanation.)

Mrs. Tsuruyama	Yatsushiro	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)

Mrs. Tsuruyama	Kumamoto Prefecture	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)

Mrs. Tsuruyama	Japan	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)

Jim Hightower	Texas	( ` ` From the onset , we at the Texas Department of Agriculture felt that more was at stake than steak , and a whole lot more was at stake than growth hormones , ' ' said Texas Agriculture Commissioner Jim Hightower at a news conference Monday.)

Bush	U.S.	( In May , the Bush administration and the 12-nation European Community reached an interim agreement that allowed resumption of sales of about 15 percent of the $100 million in U.S. beef exports to Europe.)

Wang Shaohua	San Francisco	( Wang Shaohua , an official with China 's consulate in San Francisco , said those who fled ` ` were instigated by people with motives to bring damage to China. ' ')

Hua Wen-Yi	Shanghai	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)

Leonard Lee	San Francisco.	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)

Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Bethany	( Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group .)

Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Conn.	( Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group .)

Dave Olson	Idaho	( ` ` We 're in for a long haul , ' ' said Dave Olson of the Payette National Forest in Idaho , where more than 200 fires continued to burn.)

Gerald Schwartz.	Miami Beach	( ` ` You can count it on your fingertips , ' ' said veteran Miami Beach political Gerald Schwartz.)

David Leahy	Dade County	( David Leahy , elections supervisor for Dade County , said his 18 percent turnout projection was a guess because there hasn 't been a special congressional election in recent history , and never in August , a vacation month.)

John Stembridge.	North Miami	( Also on the GOP ballot are insurance broker David Fleischer and former North Miami Mayor John Stembridge.)

Michael Henley Jr.	Grants	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)

Michael Henley Jr.	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)

Ms. Calico	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)

Ms. Calico	Belen	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)

Ms. Calico	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)

Doug Beldon	Albuquerque	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)

Doug Beldon	N.M.	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)

Bob Miller	Nevada.	( Gov. Bob Miller recently signed a bill prohibiting storage of high-level radioactive waste in Nevada.)

Roland Dumas	France.	( ` ` This constitutes a great first step forward on the path which should provide a return to peace for this country , ' ' said Foreign Roland Dumas of France.)

Robert Isaacks	High Island.	( It 's doing a lot of wind damage , ' ' said Robert Isaacks , an emergency medical technician on High Island.)

Betty Barrow	High Island.	( ` ` We get worse thunderstorms than this , ' ' said Betty Barrow , a 28-year resident who remained on High Island.)

Ms. Barrow	High Island	( Chantal knocked out power on High Island shortly after 7 a.m. , but the few businesses in town remained open , including a grocery where Ms. Barrow was on duty.)

Malcolm Grant	Port Arthur	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur.)

Malcolm Grant	Port Arthur.	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur.)

Lutie Dyson	Lake Charles	( ` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)

Lutie Dyson	La.	( ` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)

Tom Defelice	Warwick	( The real lucky duck was Tom Defelice of Warwick , who won a vacation for four at Disney World in Florida after his duck crossed the finish line first in 51 : 15.)

Sherman Finesilver	U.S.	( U.S. District Judge Sherman Finesilver , who ordered the investigation at the request of Acting John C. Keene , said that the 23-member panel would serve for 18 months and that the term could be extended another 18 months.)

Abebe Worke	Ethiopia	( Mrs. Rose hired Abebe Worke , one of Ethiopia 's most distinguished lawyers and a former member of the country 's High Court , to investigate.)

Tim Valentine	U.S.	( Rep. Tim Valentine , D-N.C. , however , said he cannot understand why illegal aliens should be allowed to dilute the representation of U.S. citizens.)

Richard Celeste	Ohio	( The Democrats elected Ohio 's Richard Celeste to be chairman of the Democratic Governors ' Association , beginning in January.)

Terry Branstad	Iowa	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)

Booth Gardner	Washington	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)

Branstad	Iowa	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)

Cecil Andrus	Idaho	( One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ')

Gerald Baliles	Virginia	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)

Terry Branstad	Iowa	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)

Bill Clinton	Arkansas	( Democrat Bill Clinton of Arkansas said the summit will keep education and child-related issues on the public agenda.)

Richard Celeste	Ohio	( But Ohio Gov. Richard Celeste , a Democrat , said Bush 's remarks were too little considering Bush 's campaign claim to be ` ` the education president. ' ')

Mason	Atlanta	( Mason , who headed the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta before being appointed to the No. 2 HHS job by President Bush , said he faces a similar dilemma in the emerging fiscal 1990 budget because the AZT program is authorized at $30 million but not included in the appropriations bill scheduled for debate later this week.)

Bush	United States	( President Bush announced Tuesday the United States will provide up to $50 million in food aid for Poland to help avert shortages in the country as it struggles to reform its government and economy.)

David Cicippio	North Wales	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)

David Cicippio	Pa.	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)

Anderson	Middle East	( Anderson , 41 , was the chief Middle East correspondent for The Associated Press when he was kidnapped in Beirut on March 16 , 1985.)

Jacobsen	Colorado	( Jacobsen , speaking from his Colorado home , said sources in London told him that Anderson was to be freed last Saturday by the new Iranian government as a gesture of good will.)

Mrs. Cicippio	Beirut.	( ` ` Please don 't execute him , please , ' ' said Mrs. Cicippio , who works at the American Embassy in east Beirut.)

Elizabeth Dole	U.S.	( OSHA now wants the civil cases postponed so the case can be reviewed for possible criminal violations , U.S. Elizabeth Dole said in a statement Tuesday.)

Mikhail S. Gorbachev	Soviet	( The study did not take into account recent promises by Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to reduce military spending. _When the Soviet total is combined with U.S. military spending of $296 billion , the superpower total exceeded the next largest spender by more than 8 -LCB- to 1 in 1987. France , West Germany and Great Britain assumed the third , fourth and fifth positions , respectively , in military spending in 1987.)

Mikhail S. Gorbachev	Soviet	( The study did not take into account recent promises by Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to reduce military spending. _When the Soviet total is combined with U.S. military spending of $296 billion , the superpower total exceeded the next largest spender by more than 8 -LCB- to 1 in 1987. France , West Germany and Great Britain assumed the third , fourth and fifth positions , respectively , in military spending in 1987.)

Virginia Towle	Wallingford	( ` ` I don 't think there are any good answers why , ' ' said Virginia Towle of Wallingford , a family friend.)

Bob Dole	Kansas	( Senate Bob Dole of Kansas on Tuesday threatened a parliamentary maneuver that could help force passage of President Bush 's savings and loan bailout before Congress goes on vacation by attaching it to essential legislation.)

Vladimir Ashkenazy	Soviet	( A golden future seemed assured when , at 25 , Ogdon shared top place with Soviet pianist Vladimir Ashkenazy in the piano section of the 1962 Moscow Tchaikovsky International Competition for young musicians.)

Tom Muri.	Whitefish City	( The spilled fuel covered an area two miles long and nearly a half-mile wide , said Whitefish City Attorney Tom Muri.)

Cecil Ray.	King County	( The injured man was being treated for stab wounds to the neck and was under police guard , said King County police spokesman Cecil Ray.)

Debra Sweiger	Issaquah	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)

Debra Sweiger	King County	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)

Vaughn Van Zant.	King County	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)

Sherman G. Finesilver	U.S.	( Chief U.S. Sherman G. Finesilver told the 23 grand jurors their only task during the 18-month term would be ` ` to determine what criminal acts , if any , were committed at Rocky Flats nuclear weapons plant. ' ')

Mike Norton	U.S.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)

Ken Fimberg	Denver	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)

Peter Murtha	U.S.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)

Peter Murtha	Washington.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)

Kim Dae-jung	South Korea	( Kim Dae-jung , head of South Korea 's leading opposition party , was detained on a court warrant Wednesday for questioning in connection with a party lawmaker 's illegal trip to communist North Korea.)

Harrington	Larchmont	( Harrington , a professor of political science at Queens College of the City University of New York and honorary president of the Socialist International , died Monday night at his home in suburban Larchmont , the university said in a statement Tuesday.)

John Kennedy	United States	( ` ` The luck was that the book came out at a time when there was a president of the United States who read books , John Kennedy , and he read it , ' ' Harrington said.)

Bush	U.S.	( An outraged President Bush is weighing U.S. options for responding to the ` ` brutal and tragic ' ' murder of Marine Lt. William Higgins while ruling out negotiations with Lebanese terrorists threatening to kill more hostages.)

Cecil Andrus	Idaho	( One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ')

Felix S. Bloch	U.S.	( U.S. diplomat Felix S. Bloch , suspected of spying for the Soviets , sipped grapefruit juice and calmly watched for 45 minutes as a foreign correspondent showed him videotapes and clippings of how his story is being told in his native Austria.)

Robert Weisner	Washington	( ` ` I tried and tried , but he said he wouldn 't answer questions on the substance of his case , ' ' said Robert Weisner , the Washington correspondent for state-run Austrian television.)

Prateep Ungsongtham	Bangkok.	( Another beacon of the better life is Prateep Ungsongtham , known as the ` ` Slum Angel of Bangkok. ' ')

Baruch Arensberg	Israel.	( ` ` For the first time it is possible to say from an anatomical point of view that primitive man could speak , ' ' said Professor Baruch Arensberg of Tel Aviv Univerisity , a member of the team studying the remains found in northern Israel.)

Bernard Vandermeersch	France	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)

Phillip Lieberman	Providence	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')

Phillip Lieberman	R.I.	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')

Jeffrey Laitman	New York	( Anatomist Jeffrey Laitman of New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine also disputed the Kebara team 's findings.)

Dean Falk	Albany	( Anthropoligist Dean Falk of State University of New York at Albany supports the Kebara findings in the Science News article.)

Antonio Cafiero.	Argentina	( An estimated one in four Argentina 's 31 million people lives in poverty ; 820 , 000 people in Buenos Aires Province alone eat at least one meal a day at some 1 , 500 soup kitchens that have opened , according to Gov. Antonio Cafiero.)

Antonio Cafiero.	Buenos Aires Province	( An estimated one in four Argentina 's 31 million people lives in poverty ; 820 , 000 people in Buenos Aires Province alone eat at least one meal a day at some 1 , 500 soup kitchens that have opened , according to Gov. Antonio Cafiero.)

Miguel Rodriguez	Venezuela	( Venezuela 's chief debt negotiator , Miguel Rodriguez , told reporters Monday that his country would seek at least a 50 percent reduction of its debt , beyond Mexico 's gains in negotiations with its bank creditors.)

Harold Abramson	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Harold Abramson said creditors in the bankruptcy case of William Herbert and Nancy Hunt can submit suggestions on how the Hunts should repay their debts.)

Daniel L. Bakst	West Palm Beach	( But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors.)

Daniel L. Bakst	Fla.	( But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors.)

Warner	Ocala	( Warner , who now lives in Ocala , Fla. , and filed the petition in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Jacksonville , Fla. , sought protection from creditors seeking more than $4 billion from him.)

Warner	Fla.	( Warner , who now lives in Ocala , Fla. , and filed the petition in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Jacksonville , Fla. , sought protection from creditors seeking more than $4 billion from him.)

Warner	U.S.	( Warner , a former U.S. ambassador to Switzerland , was convicted on Ohio felony charges in Home State 's collapse , but was acquitted of federal charges in a separate trial.)

Warner	Switzerland	( Warner , a former U.S. ambassador to Switzerland , was convicted on Ohio felony charges in Home State 's collapse , but was acquitted of federal charges in a separate trial.)

George Proctor	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge George Proctor on Friday authorized appointment of Bakst as trustee.)

Andrew Hall	Miami	( One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case.)

Andrew Hall	Fla.	( One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case.)

Lawrence Kane Jr.	Cincinnati	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)

Lawrence Kane Jr.	Ohio	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)

Ernesto Perez Balladares	the Republic	( -LRB- Text -RRB- The National Central Organization of Panamanian Workers -LRB- CNTP -RRB- , which comprises three workers ' federations and 16 unions for a total of 12 , 000 workers , has proclaimed its determination to support Dr. Ernesto Perez Balladares for the presidency of the Republic .)

Andres Vega Cedeno	Panama City	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")

Felipe Cano	San Miguelito	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")

Granic	Croatia	( Croatia 's Granic Admits Downed Planes Took Off From Croatia LD0303083794 Moscow ITAR-TASS in English 0729 GMT 3 Mar 94)

Granic	Croatia	( Croatia 's Granic Admits Downed Planes Took Off From Croatia LD0303083794 Moscow ITAR-TASS in English 0729 GMT 3 Mar 94)

Boris Yeltsin	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)

Boris Yeltsin	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)

Viktor Chernomyrdin	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)

Viktor Chernomyrdin	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)

Nikolai Kuznetsov	Soviet	( The trud newspaper features the last part of the memoirs by former commander of the Soviet Navy Nikolai Kuznetsov who personally knew Stalin , under the headline " Stalin 's Death . ")

Stalin	Soviet	( The trud newspaper features the last part of the memoirs by former commander of the Soviet Navy Nikolai Kuznetsov who personally knew Stalin , under the headline " Stalin 's Death . ")

Stalin	Soviet	( The trud newspaper features the last part of the memoirs by former commander of the Soviet Navy Nikolai Kuznetsov who personally knew Stalin , under the headline " Stalin 's Death . ")

Kravchuk	Ukraine	( Kravchuk won over 60 percent of the votes and Chornovil , nearly 28 percent in Ukraine 's first presidential elections in December 1991 .)

Chornovil	Ukraine	( Kravchuk won over 60 percent of the votes and Chornovil , nearly 28 percent in Ukraine 's first presidential elections in December 1991 .)

William Miller.	Ukraine	( -LRB- Text -RRB- Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller.)

Tansu Ciller	Turkey	( This is how the politicians assessed the DEP 's withdrawal from the political arena so close to the elections and when it had fielded its candidates all over Turkey : Prime Tansu Ciller said : I was expecting such a decision .)

Hitler	Berlin	( It almost makes me want to laugh. -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Why ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide .)

Benito Mussolini	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... -LRB- Fini -RRB- He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said ;)

Cetin	Turkey	( In a statement at the airport before his departure , Cetin said that Turkey welcomed this step taken by Bosnians and Croats and hoped that real peace comes to Bosnia-Herzegovina when Serbs join this process too .)

Cetin	Turkey	( Cetin added that the ceremony , to which he was invited by his American counterpart Warren Christopher , showed once more the importance and weight of Turkey in the Balkans .)

Cetin	Balkans	( Cetin added that the ceremony , to which he was invited by his American counterpart Warren Christopher , showed once more the importance and weight of Turkey in the Balkans .)

Cetin	Turkey	( Evaluating Juppe 's visit , Cetin said that the French Government was not displaying a disturbing stand toward Turkey and was very careful in not intervening in Turkey 's internal affairs .)

Cetin	Turkey	( Evaluating Juppe 's visit , Cetin said that the French Government was not displaying a disturbing stand toward Turkey and was very careful in not intervening in Turkey 's internal affairs .)

Samuel Bogran	San Pedro Sula	( During the televised forum in which the candidates for the San Pedro Sula mayorship participated , the subject of industrial contamination was examined in greater depth by Nationalist candidate Samuel Bogran .)

Qian Qichen	Beijing	( Qian Qichen Leaves Beijing for South Asian Tour OW2102114194 Beijing XINHUA in English 1127 GMT 21 Feb 94)

Qian Qichen	Beijing	( Qian Qichen Leaves Beijing for South Asian Tour OW2102114194 Beijing XINHUA in English 1127 GMT 21 Feb 94)

Qian Qichen	Beijing	( -LRB- Text -RRB- Beijing , February 21 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)

Bill Clinton	US	( -LRB- Excerpts -RRB- US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)

Mickey Kantor	U.S.	( U.S. -LRB- USTR -RRB- Mickey Kantor , who came to Japan amid the political confusion within the Hosokawa administration caused by the economic stimulation plan , stated before he left for home that " If we see no actual results , we might have to consider other options . ")

Hosokawa	Japan	( U.S. -LRB- USTR -RRB- Mickey Kantor , who came to Japan amid the political confusion within the Hosokawa administration caused by the economic stimulation plan , stated before he left for home that " If we see no actual results , we might have to consider other options . ")

Franjo Tudjman	Croatia	( Karadjordjevo " -RRB- -LRB- Text -RRB- We cannot remember the last time when -LRB- Croatian President -RRB- Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed .)

Mile Akmadzic	Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna	( Such theories , which are not alone in the international press , find support in another agreement that was also signed in Geneva -- which the Croatian opposition ostensibly did not notice , to the great surprise and almost astonishment of all , and consequently did not comment on , although the integral text was published in Croatian newspapers -- the agreement signed between Mile Akmadzic , on behalf of the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna , and Nikola Koljevic , on behalf of the Serbian Republic , in which both sides emphasize that " there are no disputed issues between them that cannot be solved in a peaceful way . ")

Nikola Koljevic	Serbian Republic	( Such theories , which are not alone in the international press , find support in another agreement that was also signed in Geneva -- which the Croatian opposition ostensibly did not notice , to the great surprise and almost astonishment of all , and consequently did not comment on , although the integral text was published in Croatian newspapers -- the agreement signed between Mile Akmadzic , on behalf of the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna , and Nikola Koljevic , on behalf of the Serbian Republic , in which both sides emphasize that " there are no disputed issues between them that cannot be solved in a peaceful way . ")

